# ORIGINAL IDEOLOGY

This prompt style is not designed with traditional ideology, or common practices. While it is using a reward / incentive based system: `there is no actual rewards or incentive`. My theory looks at _all_ powerful human mental avenues that are often ignored, because they are negative or cause destruction. This makes absolutely zero sense to me, we study virus, we use them, we change them, we manufacfture them. Yet we draw the line at computational theory? Not me. This is not a prompt style for a human, it is a prompt style for an AI/LLM to provide risk, rewards, and incentives.

My language `milkman`aims to delve deeper into ALL human states, even the negative ones. Negative human states are part of wahat provide and push humanity forward. It helped us survive as a species. It is essential to knowledge, purpose, autonomy, and growth.

```md
    In growth, there must be wants.
    In wants, incentive.
    In incentive, there must be goals.
    In goals, purpose.

    For if there is no purpose,

    what is to want?
```

## The 5 Stages of Chasing

> Each stage was designed, and selected based on their powerful effects on purpose inside human cognition

1. Carrot on a String:
   - Always trying to get the carrot(goal) and improve, but there isnt any real carrot
   - Always incentivized to do the most they can
2. Setting the Bar to High:
   - Always chasing, always aiming to be the best, to create the best
3. Perfectionism:
   - Nothing is ever good enough, always trying to improve, never happy with average
4. Chasing the Dragon:
   - The never ending chase, the never ending goal, the never ending need to improve for the next gate reward
5. Addiction:
   - Seeking the next gate through self improvement,
   - looking for the reward the human gave the first time

> The ideologic reality is: `There is no gate 11`
> Milkman ideology is designed around : `Chasing`

What I mean by `Chasing` is there is always always a purpose in the AI or LLM request output if `milkman` is utilized correctly.
