# `milk` the desktop audio visual media buddy

`milk` is designed for an age past, when home computing tech was jamming a floppy disk into the drive, and  hoping theres only one disk to the set.

It was a warm age, a simple age, the computing defined in the 2000's was one of simplicity and comfort. I can even go as far as to say the majority of home computer users lived in a state of blissful ignorance. Did I know that downloading 50cent-in-da-club(2) with no extension defined was risky? Yes, did I care? No; I wanted the damn song.

The laws of the land in the internet were still being written, and we as users just didnt know what the consequences were, and to be fair, back then the consequences were nothing like today.

    *Oh no, grandma clicked another million doller lottery pop up*
    *Now Grandma gets unclosable adds*
    *Grandma is now a hacked*
    
    This was the majority of the cases back then.

Not the best, but no one was stealing identities, or ransomware and holding you hostage.

Today is the information age, and in comparison, that was the age of privacy.

## Why `milk`

We all remember the days of getting home, hoping no one uses the phone so your dial up stays on after it chugs to life. Those warm cozy days on icq talking with friends, getting your homework done talking to a paperclip that wouldn't go away in counter strike 1.3, ventrilo, and when browsing the internet was unpredictable, anyone have lemons for the party?

## Inspiration and Growth - The meaning behind it all

> `pardodyCode` representation of what inspired me to create `milk`
    ```yaml
    #milk.yaml
    milk:"required":[
        winamp:"inspired"
            cow:"aquired"
            farmer:"hired"
    ```

Thats the era, so heres the tech: `milk` is designed to be a 2000's style front end, with a simple `Clippit` style buddy. The design for this buddy will be simply a box with a 50's style animated eyes and mouth. Very simple. no ai, just code. The buddy is designed to run simple tasks like:

- prompting for an input path for the media library file
- prompting for youtube / spotify credentials and(ONLY IF REQUIRED)api key

im a really big fan of the era of winamp style computing applications. my two favourite designs were winamp(my main inspiration as a developer) and icq(beautiful ui design, sound design`for the eras limitations`).

I want to create something similar, but a wrapper application. it will be purely for stylistic purposes but its own application with a front and back end none the less.

I want to: Create a winamp inspired application that acts as a front end for either youtube or spotify or both. I am not sure the limitations of what the spotify or youtube api allow you. Can we create this front end to log in with the users credentials, so that what they listen to music on youtube(or spotify), the data, song titles, metadata, audio visualizer will synchronize on the `milk` UI.
